Introduction
My family got our first computer from Radio Shack in the late '80s. It was a Tandy 1000 286, and I was 5. I've been hooked ever since.

I graduated from college in 2005, with a double major in computer science and music. After a brief stint at an investment bank and a failed startup, I spent 7 years building and managing a client-facing solutions engineering team. Since 2015, I've been part of the Professional Services team at Skytap, a cloud infrastructure startup.

About Me

Where I'm From
I'm from Long Island, NY, a suburb of New York City that prides itself on its beaches, pizza, bagels, and not being New Jersey.

What's Important To Me
Technology. Music. Comedy. Correct grammar and spelling.

Things I Like
Although I've been away from it for a while, I sang in a choir for a number of years during and after college. Before that, I played violin and piano growing up. In the "art music" genre, I enjoy early string music and modern choral music. I don't listen to a lot of current music, although I'd say The Decemberists and Arcade Fire are among my favorites.

I love stand-up comedy. Favorites include George Carlin, John Oliver, Mike Birbiglia, Aziz Ansari, Louis CK, Chris Rock and Jerry Seinfeld.

Since music is good, and comedy is good, combining the two is great. I'm a big fan of "Weird Al" Yankovic and Peter Schickele, who are the masters of lampooning popular and classical music, respectively.

Thinking about the number of TV series that I "really need to watch sometime" gives me anxiety. Current/recent favorites include Silicon Valley, House of Cards, Orange is the New Black, Breaking Bad, Master of None, and Louie. Past favorites: Seinfeld, The Office, both UK and US versions (although I stopped watching the latter after Steve Carell left), and various old shows on Nick at Nite. I used to watch all the comedy news shows, like The Daily Show and The Colbert Report, but by the time those shows ended, I'd sort of lost interest. Last Week Tonight with John Oliver is spectacular, however.

Favorite podcasts include This American Life, Serial, Planet Money, The Bugle, Wait Wait Don't Tell Me, Freakonomics, Startup, Reply All, and Listen Money Matters. 

One of my current projects is getting healthy. I've lost about 60 pounds over the past few years through a diet that can be best described as "eating less crap." More recent, I started working with a personal trainer, which basically means that everything hurts all the time.

Things I Don't Like
I don't like beer OR coffee. (Or in other words, if most people enjoy drinking it, I probably don't.)

My Dream Job
I love to get my hands dirty using interesting technology to solve customers' problems. I'm passionate about developing and leading teams of engineers who do the same.

Test
